Add changelog for 5.26.0 (#17908)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-google: CHANGELOG.md

* resourcemanager: added the field `api_method` to datasource `google_active_folder` so you can use either `SEARCH` or `LIST` to find your folder ([#17877](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/17877))
* storage: added labels validation to 'google_storage_bucket' resource ([#17806](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/17806))

BUG FIXES:
* apigee: fixed permadiff in ordering of `google_apigee_organization.properties.property`. ([#17850](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/17850))
* cloudrun: fixed the bug that computed `metadata.0.labels` and `metadata.0.annotations` fields don't appear in terraform plan when creating resource `google_cloud_run_service` and `google_cloud_run_domain_mapping` ([#17815](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/17815))
* dns: fixed bug where some methods of authentication didn't work when using `dns` data sources ([#17847](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/17847))

> * iam: fixed a bug that prevented setting 'create_ignore_already_exists' on existing resources in `google_service_account`. ([#17856](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/17856))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* iam: fixed a bug that prevented setting `create_ignore_already_exists` on existing resources in `google_service_account`. ([#17856](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/17856))
```
